Rename fake test doubles to Bunit (#1079)
bUnit-dev/bUnit: MIGRATION.md

The `AddFallbackServiceProvider` on the `TestServiceProvider` has been renamed to `SetFallbackServiceProvider`. If you used `AddFallbackServiceProvider`, you should replace it with `SetFallbackServiceProvider`.

## Exceptions remove obsolete `SerializableAttribute` and `ISerializable` interface
With .NET 8 the `SerializableAttribute` and `ISerializable` interface have been marked as obsolete. Therefore, exceptions in bUnit no longer implement `ISerializable` and are no longer marked with the `SerializableAttribute`. More information can be found here: https://github.com/dotnet/docs/issues/34893

## Renamed `Fake` to `Bunit` in many test doubles

> The `Fake` prefix has been replaced with `Bunit` in many test doubles. For example, `FakeNavigationManager` is now `BunitNavigationManager`. If you used any of these test doubles, you should replace them with the new name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Fake` prefix has been replaced with `Bunit` in many test doubles. For example, `FakeNavigationManager` is now `BunitNavigationManager`. If you reference any of these types explicitly, you need to update your code.
```
